---
layout: post
title:  "Spring Blog 10"
date:   2022-04-18 14:00:12 -0700
categories: jekyll update
---
## Cloud Computing
This blog will be about Cloud Computing and its different types! What is cloud computing? What are the benefits? 

# What is cloud computing?
Cloud computing is utilizing computing resources over the internet. Get faster innovation, more flexibility, and lower costs with cloud computing. Cloud computing allows users to pay only for certainservices, lowering operating expenses, improving infrastructure efficiency, and scaling as an organization grows.

# What are the benefits of cloud computing?
* Cost: Cloud computing doesn't require a user to buy hardware and software, set up a data center, or hire IT. Instead, users pay only for what is used.
* Speed: Since most cloud services are self-service and on-demand, even large amounts of computing resources can be set up with just a few clicks of the mouse. This gives businesses much flexibility and eases their capacity planning stress.
* Reliability: It's easier and cheaper to use cloud computing for things like data backup, recovery plans, and business continuity because the cloud provider's network has a lot of different places where data can be stored.
* Security: The policies, technologies, and controls that many cloud service providers offer can help improve security and protect from threats.

# Types of cloud computing
* Public Cloud: Places where people can get computing resources over the web, like servers and storage. The cloud provider owns and runs all the hardware, software, and other things that make up a public cloud. 
* Private Cloud: This is a group of cloud computing resources that only one company or organization can use. Private clouds can be set up on-site. Some companies also pay for third-party service providers to host their private clouds. In a private cloud, the services and infrastructure are all kept on a separate network that is not public.
* Hybrid Cloud: Public and private clouds are blended. These clouds are linked together by technology that enables data and applications to be moved between them. A hybrid cloud gives businesses more flexibility and options and helps make the most of current infrastructure by letting data and apps move between private and public clouds.