---
layout: post
title:  "Spring Blog 5"
date:   2022-03-18 16:14:21 -0700
categories: jekyll update
---
## What is CI/CD in DevOps? 
CI stands for continuous integration and CD stands for continuous delivery. It is a step that is important to the delivery of new versions of software. CI/CD makes it easier to automate and keep up with an app all the way through the lifecycle.

# Why is CI/CD important? 
There are various stages to CI/CD. These include building, testing, releases, deployment, and compliance.
* Building - The application is built.
* Testing - The code is tried out and automation is useed to save time and money.
* Releases - Verisons are rolled out.
* Deployment - Code deployed to production.
* Compliance - To make sure the application works and to the companies needs.

# Tools for CI/CD
* Jenkins - Is a free and open-source automation server that can be used to build a single project and run it over and over again. There are hundreds of plugins that can help Jenkins build, launch, and run software projects.
* GitLab - Is a set of tools for managing the software development process. It may start building, running tests, and deploying code when you make a change or push it. Work in a virtual machine, a Docker container, or on a different machine.
* CircleCi - Makes it easier to make software quickly. CircleCI makes the user's process from development to deployment more efficient. Another service CircleCI provides is cloud-managed continuous integration and private infrastructure that is behind a firewall.